- [Instructor] To automate the deployment
of our microservices on the Kubernetes cluster,
we'll need to set up the security configuration
that allows the cluster to pull images
from the container registry.
To see how this works, let's take a closer look
at one of our deployments.
Inside of the deployment, we defined the spec for a pod.
It indicates the container image
that will run inside of our pod.
And you'll notice that the container image
is found on the GitHub Container registry.
So in order for the cluster to pull that image,
it will need to authenticate with GitHub.
Now to do that, we've configured an imagePullSecret.
The PullSecret's name is regcred.
It's going to be a secret that we'll create
inside the cluster that holds our personal access token,
and that's what the cluster will use
to authenticate with GitHub.
Now, if we come back up to the top of our deployment,
you'll notice that it's created
within the landon-hotel namespace.
So that's where we'll need to create our secret
inside the cluster.
Let's head over to the terminal,
and we can start to set all this up.
So first, I'm going to use kubectl
to create our landon-hotel namespace.
All right. There, we created the namespace.
Now let's go ahead and we'll create our secret.
So here's the command that creates the secret.
You can see that we use kubectl,
and then we create a secret
for our Docker registry, named regcred.
To create this secret, we need to provide the domain
of our container registry, our GitHub username,
along with our email, and then we'll provide
our personal access token,
which are the credentials that will be used
by the cluster to authenticate.
Then we need to tell the cluster what namespace
to create the secret within.
So here, we specified landon-hotel.
All right, let's go ahead and we'll create our secret.
And there, you can see the cluster's indicated
it's been created.
All right, so that configured our staging cluster,
but we'll need to switch our kubectl context
over to the production cluster and run the same commands.
So first, let's get the name of our contexts.
There, you can see the staging context,
which we're currently on, and here's the production context.
Let's go ahead. We'll copy that name.
And then we'll switch our kubectl configuration
over to use the production context.
All right, now we're connected to the production cluster,
and we can go ahead and run those commands one more time.
All right, so there we created the namespace,
and there, we created the secret.
Okay. So the security's all set up on our cluster.
Let's move on to the next lesson
and start to set up our GoCD.